alter geez engineers are focused on
developing leading-edge gravity
differential technology to produce
products that reduce effective
bodyweight our flagship product the G
trainer anti-gravity treadmill enables
users to reduce their effective body
weight during exercise to continue
training during injury recovery
outdistance conditioning limitations and
build endurance alter G's technology was
originally developed at NASA we've
combined our gravity differential
technology with a high-performance
woodway desmo treadmill to produce the
first anti-gravity treadmill the
physical lifting force generated by the
G trainer comes from a difference in air
pressure around the users body this
anti-gravity effect is also referred to
as unweighted allows the user to feel as
if they weigh less than they actually do
thus reducing the effective and
cumulative impact on the user's body the
idea of unweighted isn't new but we're
the first company to accomplish the
effect without the restrictions and
limitations found in pools and harnessed
systems to produce the antigravity
effect a seal is created around the
user's body by wearing customized
neoprene compression shorts that a user
slips on over their clothing the
compression shorts have an exterior
zipper that zips into the G trainer
enclosure
an air pump fills the enclosure to
create a uniformly pressurized
environment this pressurized enclosure
provides a counter force to the users
body weight reducing their effective
weight on the treadmill as the user
chooses to increase air pressure the
upward force is increased and the users
effective body weight decreases by the
desired amount very little additional
air pressure in the enclosure is
required to produce a substantial
lifting force exercising at the maximum
reduced body weight is similar to the
pressure you experience on your legs
standing in 40 inches of water and
because the pressure is distributed over
the user's entire lower body the user
feels no adverse squeezing or other
discomfort when a user runs in the G
trainer the natural bouncing motion of
their body can change the shape and
volume of the enclosure the air pressure
regulation system is sophisticated
enough to monitor and account for
changes to the interior pressure of the
enclosure so that accurate body weight
reduction can be maintained throughout a
workout session while in use the user
can make precise adjustments to all
variables effective body weight can be
reduced to as low as 20 percent of the
users body weight with reduction
increments in 1% speed variables can be
adjusted up to 18 miles per hour in
forward motion or 10 miles per hour in
reverse and incline can be set up to
fifteen percent other products on the
market today that reduce the users body
weight during exercise are cumbersome
limit mobility and hinder normal body
movement
elite athletes to weekend joggers are
using the g trainer to augment training
and conditioning routines enhance
performance and allow users to continue
working out during injury recovery from
over speed long distance and interval
training to warm-ups and recovery
workouts the chi trainer is an ideal
training and conditioning tool the G
trainer also allows individuals to
increase training volume and speed while
minimizing the risk of impact related
injuries and to continue training
regimens without pain caused by chronic
injury issues and because it offers
unrestricted mobility natural body
movement and a full range of motion it's
easy for anyone to use the G trader
anti-gravity treadmill is much more than
just an exercise machine professional
athletes top collegiate programs and
rehabilitation and training clinics
across the United States are
experiencing the unique benefits of
walking and running at various
percentages of body weight the G trainer
enables users to reduce their effective
body weight during exercise to continue
training during injury recoveries
outdistance conditioning limitations and
build endurance
to learn more about the G trainer or to
try one out contact alter g today
you